.TH "audio-to-midi" 1 "20 May 2022" "" "audio-to-midi Documentation"

.SH NAME
audio-to-midi \- Use pitch detection methods to convert an audio file to MIDI

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B audio-to-midi
[\-h]
[\-s \fISIZE\fP]
[\-i \fISIZE\fP]
[\-o \fIFILE\fP]
[\-m \fIMETHOD\fP]
[\-v]
[\-e \fIFILE\fP]
[\-p \fINUM\fP]
[\-d \fINUM\fP]
.I audiofile

.SH DESCRIPTION

.P
This program performs pitch detection on an input audio file and outputs the detected notes as MIDI file.
If \fIaudiofile\fP is \fB"-"\fP, then \fBstdin\fP will be used.

.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-buf-size \fISIZE
Sets the buffer size of the FFT to the given value (default: 4096).
A larger buffer size means higher spectral resolution, but lower temporal resolution.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-hop-size \fISIZE
Sets the hop size for the FFT (default: 4096).
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output \fIFILE
Sets the name of the output MIDI file to the given value. By default the output name is the name of the input file, but with the file extension set to \fB.midi\fP.
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-method \fIMETHOD
Use the given pitch detection method. Possible values are \fByin\fP, \fByin-patient\fP, \fBfast-comb\fP, \fBfftune-spectral\fP, \fBfftune-sfizz\fP, \fPdouble-fft\fP.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Output detailed log messages.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-external-path \fIFILE
Sets the name of the external path, that is necessary for some pitch detection methods.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-polyphony \fINUM
Sets the maximum polyphony (default: 1).
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-stiffness \fINUM
Sets the Midi stiffness (default: 0).

.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns zero on success.
